merge baseurl and pattern for scraper clients (#7077) (#7227)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/topic_guide/extending_fido.rst

            return adict

This client scrapes all the URLs available under the base url ``http://lasp.colorado.edu/eve/data_access/evewebdata/quicklook/L0CS/SpWx/``.
`~sunpy.net.scraper.Scraper` is primarily focused on URL parsing based on time ranges, so the rest of the ``pattern`` specifies where in the URL the time information is located, using `parse <https://github.com/r1chardj0n3s/parse/>`__ notation.
The ``pattern`` attribute is first filled in with the calculated time-based values, and then used to populate the results table from the URLs matched with the ``pattern``.

> It includes some of the time definitions, as well as names of attrs (in this case "Level").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It includes some of the time definitions, as well as the name of any other attrs which appear in the URL (in this case "Level").
```

Suppose any file of a data archive can be described by this URL ``https://some-domain.com/%Y/%m/%d/satname_{SatelliteNumber}_{Level}_%y%m%d%H%M%S_{any-2-digit-number}.fits``:

The ``format`` pattern becomes ``r'https://some-domain.com/{{year:4d}}/{{month:2d}}{{day:2d}}/satname_{SatelliteNumber:2d}_{Level:1d}_{{year:2d}}{{month:2d}}{{day:2d}}{{hour:2d}}{{minute:2d}}{{second:2d}}_{{:2d}}.fits'``.
The datetime values and any other metadata attributes that we wish to extract are written within double curly-braces ``{{}}``.
These metadata attributes are the desired keys for the returned dictionary and they should match with the ``attr.__name__``.

> Note that parts of such attributes can accordingly be omitted to match parts of the filename which are dynamic but not needed to be extracted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that parts of the pattern can be omitted to match parts of the filename which are dynamic but are not needed to be extracted.
```
